breaKOut
worKOut
gecKO
sicKO
knocKOut


blackout
boycott

membership
try free class/workout(btn)
about
contact
locations

    !about-me
    !modal
    !slider
    !optimization
    !img size
    !meta tags
    !alt
    !b5 forms
    !seo
    !bg on responsive

#FFFAFA - Snow White
#F8F8FF - Ghost White
#1D1D1F - Eerie Black

#A00005 - Rufuos

#9D0208 - Dark Red

780000 - Barn Red
bf0603 - International Orange Engineering


    Student Standard Partner Premium
    Beginner
    Intermediate
    Advanced
    Expert
    premium all-access vip elite
    basic standard premium

    Our trainers are extremely knowledgeable in their craft and are able to tailor individualized training based on your current level of experience and where you want to go.

    That will help customize a training program specific to your goals and YOU.
    Our first step is to pair you up with a coach that will support you, teach you and progress you to your unique fitness goals.

    Then we plan how we will reach those goals in the most efficient and positive way that works perfectly with your lifestyle.

    Last, we do the work while keeping the workouts fun and challenging so that you see the results you've always wanted.

    You show up and we'll keep you moving, motivated and making progress especially on the days when you feel like giving up.

    Transform and experience the fitness journey you always envisioned but never had access to.

    With unlimited classes, specially designed facilities, and a motivating community, you and your goals come first.

    Get started now with our money-back guarantee!

    Welcome to the unmatched community of high-performance living with limitless classes, elite facilities and a talented team that are ready to take you where you have never been before.

    One decision, full lifestyle upgrade.

    We understand that there is a lot to learn about boxing and a lot of stereotypes that are tied to a boxing gym. We aren’t your typical boxing gym in San Diego. We mix pushing limits and drive with luxury and good vibes. You are never just another face in class. TBC has designed the ultimate boxing classes and program that you would cease to find anywhere in San Diego. We have classes that range from beginner to advanced, offering different types of coaching and training for a well-rounded experience. See you in the ring!

    Your confidence will rise in a supportive and fun enviroment
    - Perfected class-design 
    - Top-quality equipment 
    - Cardio-focused classes, workshops, and sparring offered
    - Wide range of class times 
    - Insanely dedicated and talented coaches
    - A rise in confidence, a drop in weight 
    - Supportive and fun community

   Our coaches and trainers help keep us accountable, provide support, and make sure that we get better every day. With crazy talent, drive, and professional fight careers, TBC coaches and trainers win the fight of being the best in San Diego.

    Unlimited Classes
    Pristine Facilities
    Cardio & Weight Room
    Industry Leading Coaches
    Active Community
    Money-back guarantee

    At TITLE Boxing Club, we guide you through your fitness journey from goals to results. Your dedication, tenacity, and intensity will come to life in our clubs. We are proud to offer classes that combine elements of real boxing workouts and other fitness aspects to give you a well-rounded, heart-pumping experience. Our total-body boxing fitness classes provide:
    
    A strength and cardio-based workout all in one
    Improvement of your resting heart rate and muscular endurance
    Increased balance, coordination, reactivity, and agility
    Caloric burn and the “afterburn” even when class is over
    A great workout to help people lose weight or tone their bodies
    A good, healthy way to relieve stress and improve mental clarity



 Boxing FAQs

Q: I don’t have any gloves for my first class.
A: Don’t worry! We’ve got you. Your first class includes wraps and gloves on us. After that, we sell gloves and wraps in the gym. 

Q: I’ve never boxed before. I’m nervous. 
A: We get it. Boxing can be intimidating. Boxing can also be a lot of fun. We’ll be here every step of the way and make sure you’re taught basic combinations. Work at your own pace, ask questions, and take breaks if needed.

Q: How many calories will I burn during a Power boxing class?
A: It depends on the person and how hard you push yourself, but usually 700-800 calories. GET READY!

Q: How do I know if boxing is for me?
A: You’re the only one who can answer that question. It’s a full-body workout that can work for everyone. Most people say they can never go back to the prior workouts after trying out boxing. We want you to do what’s right for you. 

Q: What should I wear?
A: We recommend that it’s best to wear anything that is most comfortable for you and makes you feel confident - regular workout attire is usually just fine. 

Q: Will someone be throwing punches at me?
A: Our higher-level classes and sparring utilize more contact, but that is after passing into those classes and wearing proper gear. 

Q: How will boxing change my body?
A: Boxing is a great fat burner and muscle builder (all at once!). We have seen massive body transformations that are a result from the cardio-blast, muscle strengthening, and stress relief. 

Q: Will I actually learn real boxing technique?
A: Of course! You will learn it all. We are here to help you find your inner fighter.